fix(manager) lock client creation (#2070)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

  credentials secrets on update of secrets, and on create or update of
  KongConsumers.
  [#729](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/729)

> - Fixed a race condition when creating Enterprise workspaces.

Reviewer: Given my understanding of this issue, I think it's possible this log entry could be more specific:

```suggestion
- Fixed a race condition where multiple actors may simultaneously
  attempt to create the default Enterprise workspace.
```

Author: Rolled into 779c368c
